Hey Joe dude did you ever have a
threesome look Ross I think Carol's
great and I'm sure you're a very
attractive man the reason I'm asking is
that I sort of had one last night you
okay
just okay did you do it ranked it look
it's just too difficult a party and
think what anyone really miss me if I
were in here but still Ross your worst
day with two women pretty much better
than any other day
[Laughter]
it's just my part seemed to be over
pretty quickly and then and then there
was a lot of waiting around but you got
to be with both of them they're not
really
just Carol not their little no she kept
kicking me away well hey at least you
got to see a lot of stuff oh I saw a lot
of stuff
yeah a little made a snack yeah that's a
sandwich Turkey little mustard sounds
good it really was